https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation/jfrog-artifactory

* == DevOps system of record /
  * allows
    * storing
    * managing
    * E2E automation
  * ALLOWED |
    * binary software packages
      * supports +25
    * ML models
    * container images
  * supported | ALL MAJOR CI/CD platforms
  * provides
    * CLI
    * REST APIs

## Features
### Hybrid & Multi-Cloud Environments
* ways to use it
  * host | 
    * your OWN infrastructure
    * Cloud
  * SaaS solution

### Universal Binary Repository Manager
* == support ALL major package format   
  * _Example:_ Alpine, Maven, Gradle, Docker, Cargo, Conda, Conan, Debian, Go, Helm, Vagrant, YUM, P2, Ivy, NuGet, PHP, NPM, RubyGems, PyPI, Bower, CocoaPods, GitLFS, Opkg, SBT, Swift, Terraform
* see [Package Management](jfrog-artifactory-documentation.package-management.md)

### Extensive Metadata
* provided -- for -- ALL major package formats
* metadata == package itself's metadata + custom metadata + metadata / generated by tools
  * _Example of custom metadata:_ searchable properties

### Artifactory == Your Kubernetes Registry
* allows you to,
  * deploy containerized microservices | Kubernetes cluster
    * Reason: 🧠== universal repository manager | ALL your CI/CD🧠

### Massively Scalable
* -- via -- storing capabilities
* supported enterprise-scale storage capabilities
  * S3 Object Storage,
  * Google Cloud Storage,
  * Azure Blob Storage
  * Filestore Sharding
* providing unlimited scalability, disaster recovery, and unmatched stability and reliability
* Accommodates large load bursts with no compromise to performance
* Increase capacity to any degree with horizontal server scalability to serve any number of concurrent users, build servers and interactions.

### High Availability
* Full active/active HA solution with live failover and non-disruptive production upgrades
* see High Availability

Advanced CI Server integration with Build Tools: JFrog Artifactory supports build integration whether you are running builds on one of the common CI servers in use today, on cloud-based CI servers or standalone without a CI server. Integration of Artifactory into your build ecosystem provides important information that supports fully reproducible builds through visibility of artifacts deployed, dependencies and information on the build environment. Artifactory provides visibility into your builds through the metadata it attaches to each artifact. In this way, you can trace your container images back to their source, so you always know what’s in your builds. For more information, see Build Integration.

Custom API-Driven Automation: Artifactory exposes an extensive REST API that provides access to its features anywhere in the development cycle. Through the API you can manage builds, repositories and artifacts, you can perform searches, apply configurations, perform maintenance tasks and more.

Advanced Search with Artifactory Query Language: AQL (Artifactory Query Language) gives you unprecedented flexibility in how you search for artifacts. It offers a simple way to formulate complex queries that specify any number of search criteria, filters, sorting options and output fields.

Artifactory Cloud with CDN Distribution: JFrog Artifactory Cloud with Amazon's CloudFront CDN solution allows Enterprise users to manage, control, and distribute high volumes of software distribution across multiple locations. The fully integrated advanced CDN solution removes the need to deal with the complexity of setting up a separate external CDN Caching system. For more information, see JFrog Cloud with CDN Distribution.

* TODO: